I'm going to show you how to make the
most beautiful creamy scrambled eggs you
can imagine
and these ephemeral eggs are the perfect
accompaniment to my tea smoked salmon to
begin take the eggs so I'm using
free-range eggs crack about seven in
here good tip is to crack the eggs on a
flat surface not in the edge of the bowl
and you reduce the chance of getting
eggshell in the mix okay now to that I'm
going to add a touch of milk some double
cream just add a little bit of richness
without making it too creamy and then a
little bit of butter touch of seasoning
and then just give it a light whisk
I don't know whisk this too much don't
incorporate too much air into the
mixture and then just place the bowl
over a pan a very lightly simmer water
there all you need to do is just be
patient and stir so the idea here is to
click these eggs low and slow and that's
why I'm putting it in a bowl set under
the water there's a much more delicate
heat we're looking for is that egg
mixture to start to thicken almost to a
custard and then form very delicate
creamy lumps in it it should take about
15 minutes I want to finish these
scrambled eggs with a few drops of
beurre noisette beurre noisette is
butter that's cooked until the proteins
the milk solids start to caramelize and
you get this wonderful nutty character
to it so simple to make this is a really
good example of how you use all your
senses in the kitchen what happens the
butter will start to sizzle and as it
sizzles what's happening is the water
containing the butter is evaporating
once all the waters evaporated there's
nothing there to keep the butter cold so
the butter will start to get hotter turn
brown and then develop this beautiful so
nutty characteristic they'll be very
careful the next stage is black butter
this is burger than your own okay there
butter stop sizzling since most
wonderful nutty aroma to just skim off
the impurities the foam from the surface
and then pass the whole thing I'm using
a coffee filter paper but add a cloth
will do the trick
fine through there's it's beautifully
golden nutty butter like so now for the
smoked salmon all I'm doing is just
taking some of the salmon and just going
to slice it
we're looking for with this family needs
is to be creamy as opposed that's Ryan
grainy add the smoked salmon to the
scrambled eggs just combine it putting
it onto the toast and then to finish few
drops of the beurre noisette and just a
drop of sherry vinegar this makes a
massive difference because the eggs are
quite rich the bus is quite rich and the
acidity xander cut through that really
beautifully and that's it that's my
perfect creamy scrambled eggs with
teaspoon salmon beurre noisette